feat; document about reconnecting the closed database connection in Sequelize (#103)
sequelize/website: docs/getting-started.mdx

Sequelize will keep the connection open by default, and use the same connection for all queries.
If you need to close the connection, call `sequelize.close()` (which is asynchronous and returns a Promise).

> ### Reconnecting the connection
> 
> Sequelize can't reconnecting to closed connection, it's not reversible, but you can create a new instance of Sequelize to 'undo' the connection.

Reviewer: I think it's better suited as a note of the previous section than its own section

```suggestion
:::note

One `sequelize.close()` has been called, it's impossible to reopen a connection. You will need to create a new Sequelize instance to access your database again.

:::
```

Author: > I think it's better suited as a note of the previous section than its own section

It is :D

Sequelize will keep the connection open by default, and use the same connection for all queries.
If you need to close the connection, call `sequelize.close()` (which is asynchronous and returns a Promise).

:::note

> One `sequelize.close()` has been called, it's impossible to reopen a connection. You will need to create a new Sequelize instance to access your database again.

Reviewer: Sorry that's on me, I had a typo in my previous suggestion 🤦🏼‍♀️ 

```suggestion
Once `sequelize.close()` has been called, it's impossible to open a new connection. You will need to create a new Sequelize instance to access your database again.
```

Author: Thanks
